docs: add flag lifecycle to best practices (#52)
bucketeer-io/bucketeer-docs: docs/feature-flags/creating-feature-flags/create-feature-flag.md

You can duplicate and archive flags as well. To perform these actions, click the three-dot button on the desired flag.

:::info Feature flag status

Feature flags may have one of the following three statuses:

> - **New**: A recently created flag that received no request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: A recently created flag that hasn't yet received any request.
```

> - **Receiving requests**: It's an active flag that the last request was received less than a week ago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Receiving requests**: Active flags that have received requests within the last 7 days.
```

> - **Inactive**: If the flag hasn't received any request for over a week, it will be marked as **Inactive**. It's essential to note that ON and OFF flags may have Inactive status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Inactive**: Flags that haven't received requests for over 7 days. It's important to note that both ON and OFF flags can become inactive.
```

> The flag status helps identify the lifecycle stage of your flag, indicating if it's time to archive it. Access the feature flag lifecycle page to learn more about the best practices for the flag's usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag status helps identify the lifecycle stage of your flag, indicating if it's time to archive it. Access the [feature flag lifecycle page](/best-practices/feature-flag-lifecycle) to learn more about the best practices for the flag's usage.
```
